# stock-scraper

A script that retrieves stock data from https://stockanalysis.com/

Although prexisting libraries and APIs exist this project is
meant to serve as an implementation of web scraping principles.

## Example

To showcase the script let's use the following example

```python

from Ticker import Ticker

msft = Ticker("MSFT")

```

## Market Cap

The total market value of the company's outstanding shares. 

```python

market_cap = msft.market_cap

```

## Revenue (ttm)

Total revenue generated by the company in the trailing twelve months (ttm).

```python

revenue = msft.revenue

```

## Net Income (ttm)

The company's total profit after all expenses and taxes in the trailing twelve months.

```python

net_income = msft.net_income

```

## Shares Out

The total number of shares currently outstanding in the market.

```python

shares = msft.shares

```

## EPS (ttm)

Earnings Per Share for the trailing twelve months. It indicates how much money a company makes for each share of its stock.

```python

eps = msft.eps

```

## PE Ratio

Price to Earnings Ratio. A measure of the company's current share price relative to its per-share earnings.

```python

pe = msft.pe

```

## Forward PE

Forward Price to Earnings Ratio. It is similar to PE Ratio but uses forecasted earnings for the next fiscal year.

```python

forward_pe = msft.forward_pe

```

## Dividend

The amount of money paid to shareholders in dividends per share, followed by the dividend yield percentage.

```python

dividend = msft.dividend
dividend_percent = msft.dividend_percent

```

## Ex-Dividend Date

The date by which an investor needs to own the stock to be eligible for the next dividend payment.

```python

dividend_date = msft.dividend_date

```

## Volume

The total number of shares of the company's stock traded during the last market session.

```python

volume = msft.volume

```

## Open

The price at which the stock began trading when the market opened on the most recent trading day.

```python

open = msft.open

```

## Previous Close

The last closing price of the company's stock.

```python

prev_close = msft.prev_close

```

## Day's Range

The highest and lowest prices at which the stock traded during the day.

```python

day_low = msft.day_low
day_high = msft.day_high

```

## 52-Week Range

The highest and lowest prices at which the stock traded in the last 52 weeks.

```python

year_low = msft.year_low
year_high = msft.year_high

```

## Beta

A measure of the stock's volatility in comparison to the overall market.

```python

beta = msft.beta

```

## Analysts

The overall recommendation given by analysts for the stock, e.g., Strong Buy, Buy, Hold, etc.

```python

forecast = msft.forecast

```

## Price Target

The projected price level of a stock stated by an analyst or advisor.

```python

price_target = msft.price_target
upside = msft.upside

```

## Earnings Date

The scheduled date on which the company will report its financial results for a specific period.

```python

earnings_date = msft.earnings_date

```

## Invalid Ticker

Consider the ticker `APPL`, which is invalid. Although the script won't scrape the website for the invalid ticker,
it will still produce a valid `Ticker` object. Each member of the `Ticker` object however will be `None`.